<div dir="ltr">
<ol>
<li>Küçük, D., & Can, F. (2025). <a href="https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.04305" target="_blank">Computational Law: Datasets, Benchmarks, and Ontologies.</a> arXiv preprint arXiv:2503.04305.</li>
<li>Küçük, D., & Can, F. (2024). <a href="https://dergipark.org.tr/en/download/article-file/3785109" target="_blank">Exploiting Artificial Intelligence Technologies for Automatic Processing of Legal Texts.</a> Digital L. Rev., 6, 1.</li>
<li>Arslan, S. Y., Küçük, D., Cicekli, N. (2024). <b>Controversy Detection on Twitter with Dynamics and Content-Based Features</b>. In Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Applied Mathematics in Engineering. Warsaw, Poland.</li>
<li>Ümütlü, E. E., Küçük, D., Cicekli, N. (2024). <b>Stance Intensity Detection on Social Media</b>. In Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Applied Mathematics in Engineering. Warsaw, Poland.</li>
<li>Özyer, Y. B., Küçük, D., Cicekli, N. (2024). <b>Stance in Translation: English-To-Turkish Cross-Lingual Stance Detection</b>. In Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Applied Mathematics in Engineering. Warsaw, Poland.</li>
<li>Numanoğlu, A., Ateş, S., Cicekli, N., Küçük, D. (2024). <b>Empathify at WASSA 2024 Empathy and Personality Shared Task: Contextualizing Empathy with a BERT-Based Context-Aware Approach for Empathy Detection</b>. In In Proceedings of the 14th Workshop on Computational Approaches to Subjectivity, Sentiment, & Social Media Analysis. Bangkok, Thailand.</li>
<li>Küçük, E. E., Küçük, D. 2024. <b>Enhancing a Public Health Ontology Using ChatGPT</b>. In Proceedings of the 7th International Health Sciences and Life Congress (IHSLC). Burdur, Türkiye.</li>
<li>Küçük, D., Buhan, S., Demirci, T., Özkan, M. B., Çınar, M. S., Altıntaş, E., Güvengir, U., Çelik, S. B., Mantaş, C. A., Yeniceli, M., Noyan, N., Yeşil, M. Güler, Ş. N., Yener, U., Bayındır, K. Ç. 2023. <a href="https://tekisbilgi.teias.gov.tr/tekis/Conference_SEERC2023_System.pdf" target="_blank">An AI-based Scalable and Integrated Monitoring System for the Electrical Grid</a>, In Proceedings of the 4th SEERC Conference. İstanbul, Türkiye.</li>
<li>Güvengir, U., Küçük, D., Buhan, S., Mantaş, C. A., Yeniceli, M. 2023. <a href="https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.04305" target="_blank">Classification of Power Quality Events in the Transmission Grid: Comparative Evaluation of Different Machine Learning Models</a>, In Proceedings of the 4th SEERC Conference. İstanbul, Türkiye.</li>
<li>Küçük, D., Buhan, S., Demirci, T., Özkan, M. B., Çınar, M. S., Altıntaş, E., Güvengir, U., Çelik, S. B., Uçar, S., Mantaş, C. A., Yeniceli, M., Noyan, N., Yeşil, M. Güler, Ş. N., Kayaoğlu, İ. E., Yener, U., Bayındır, K. Ç. 2022. <a href="https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.04305" target="_blank">TEKİS: TEİAŞ Elektrik Güç Kalitesi ve Şebeke İzleme Sistemi</a>, Güç Sistemleri Konferansı. Ankara, Türkiye.</li>
</ol>
</div>
